laning:

0:35- if you are using Q in lane, you need to be trading rightclicks with enemy otherwise you gain no advantage from the cast (okay to use to disengage and not click)

Skywrath uses nuke on you, giving you W charge and you can give it back to him for less mana cost lower cooldown= you win that trade . leveling W over Q level 1 probably better against skywrath.

1:10- if you pull aggro on creep wave to your ranged creep, jugg has a harder time getting last hits while yours is easier. (Attack command on enemy hero to pull aggro)

Q good against core who wants to man up and rightclick you in lane, helps you win trade becasue the bonus is essentially doubled due to it happening to both you and the enemy.

W better against enemy nuker because you can return the nuke

2:25- You can make more active choices about the items you purchase in lane. I dont think null is essential on visage, but irregardless of that, the ring of regen provides something you already have, which is from the omni heal. 
If you pick up a wind lace, you can outrun the jugg spin and probably avoid a death in lane, probably when jugg hits lvl 3.

Omni has 6 mangoes, tell him to Q heal you off cooldown lol

3:05- you see enemy stack, be sure to communicate that to teammate( even tho stack failed, communicate openly :) ) 

E passive is good in this lane vs jugg spin 

Wand health bonus 300+ for full charge which you get many uses of. Regen ring needs 4 minutes to give back same health (not to mention you arent always needing 'regen'). 

If you are rushing into tranqs to specifcially disengage from lane and full heal during, this is okay, but other items will give you more value than that (wand, wind lace)

Against jugg, getting tranqs actually lowers your move speed in spin, because the wind lace is "turned off" while the boot is disabled by damage. Having the guarnateed extra speed may be more value than the hp regen in this specific match.

you under value your w :(

4:50- you need to tell your support when flag creep getting low, not having both heroes nearby like missing a last hit. In solo queue, wcyd, but when you're in party with buddies, you can share that info.

5:30- you defintely do not need to take this stack, your hero is not good at killing jungle creeps before birds@6, and omni not a good support to take stacks. 
The lane is worth more gold , and you dont "lose" the stack when you take the lane first as long as you pay attention to enemies and contest if they try to take it. (they have strong stack taking potential with skywrath AOE W and spin).
Omni lost half his hp and you lost out on 2 lane creeps (70ish) gold.

6:15- your ideal Q usage only gets you 100 damage, when the W will almost always do more than that.

Your Q can be used to mess up enemy last hiting, which is good in midlane on occasion, but low value.

Wand also gives mana, so you can spam your W more if it was leveled.

typical last hitting under tower: 1 click on melee and then tower shots until very low, you can secure last hit with 2nd click. Ranged creeps take 3 tower shots then you secure. Good luck with siege creeps(tower shot does approx 35-40% of its health).
^these rules work until you have 100+ damage

8:40- when you use your Q for the ranged creep for no reason (no enemies nearby contesting), you do not have it available to kill the skywraath with lvl 6 spike. You recognize your level 6 spike and go immediately, but without your Q, you cannot get the kill.

This is espeically bad when the whole reason you are maxing your Q is to capitalize on your lvl 6 spike(i like that concept), so when you miss that kill, the decision you made becomes lower value.
(If leveling your Q got you an immediate kill at 6, and probably another when the sky tps back in, that VALUE makes up for the lack of strength during the laning stage by not maxing your W (theoretically).

BUY BLIGHT STONE VS LOW ARMOR HEROES, OWNS THEM

9:05- now is a good time to take stack, your birds take quick, and the lane is pushed up to enemy tower and about to push into you, so you are missing less from the lane than last time.

9:27- awesome getting that lane creep :))!! keep it up and get the ranged as well, and the wave that is now being contested by your own creep wave. You could even leave birds on camp while laning yourself. (meepo)

9:55- good job pushing wave quick, and push on the next wave which will have siege unit. 

11:20- catch the wave with your hero while birds finish the camp

12:05- why drop birds before they are low? can get damage in by just putting them on either tower or jugg, i prefer tower. 

12:30- spec ult lets you know 3 heroes are top. be aware of this, maybe you dont want to push the lane all the way up to the tower. maybe play defesive and ask your omni to use this time to stack the triangle.
Even tho there are more heroes top, you do not want to fight into viper, so instead of posturing agressive with omni's support, you can play back, farm waves closer to your tower and the close large camp. Since omni cannot add anything to that farming pattern, his time is better used stacking.

Until the viper shows on the map again, probably mid, you should not pressure the enemy tower agressively. the risk of him simply walking out of the jungle at you is too high. 

13- farm large camp instead of treating to triangle. in perfect world, your triangle is now stacked, so by the time you farm enemy large camp, the wave that will be at your tower, you can walk to traingle, kill large stacked camp, it will then respawn and you kill again, then walk back to lane to catch wave, enemy large camp. 
^ that is roughly your average farm pattern for your strength of hero (WHILE BEING THREATENED BY THE IDEA OF ENEMY MID IN LANE) (Relatively defensive pattern)

13:35:- Viper and skywrath showing mid, so you can  be more agressive on the enemy jugg/tower. Take up more of HIS space (take small camp, actively use birds to force him out of lane.)

14:- TP only takes 3-5 seconds, so you dont have to rush showing up to a fight, as long as you know whats going on in the lane. You had time to farm top wave and pressure jugg before tping to the possible bottom fight. Enemies are no where near engaging your team when you arrive.

Use seeds of serenity acitve, its essentially a tango :)

14:45- Fight is over, you have almost 2k gold, use this passive time hitting the tower with your team while enemies cannot threathen you, to open shop and figure out next item.

15:10- if you invade enemy triangle, supports (someone) should have obs and sents to add your own and remove enemy vision.

Shard good on visage combo with WW ult, good spell to capitalize on enemies crowding your downed body.

Going vlads is Solid choice, you usually will not going wrong with this standard item build. In this match, I feel like your main job is to get on top of the skywrath and zeus and burst them. These heroes are both low armor and typically dont get more armor. If you went deso instead of vlads, you would be a much stronger killer of the 2 heroes you want to kill.
Maybe deso is too greedy, but the blight stone atleast is VERY value, and maybe medallion/solar crest is worthwhile armor reduction. I like the deso, it also makes your pushing that much better. VERY GREEDY, offers no survivability.
Shard first perhaps into deso? Or Deso into shard. Solar crest if you dont mind another button to press.

LVL 10 talent choice is okay, but if you HAD gone armor reduction this match where its good, the att damage scales more in combo with that.

17:35- You cannot dive enemy t2, most enemy players will tp in response. Could have just hit some camps with how the jugg was forced back.

18:40- Buy tp you always should have tp 

19:25- If you are going to split hero and birds, ensure you're actually getting the last hits otherwise lost value (birds dont gain exp so the lane creeps give nothing to you here)

20:- enemies showing mid, you can farm top jungle a bit and be aware if they are rotating towards you. jugg cannot solo threaten you
2k gold again, you have to know what you want because you're delaying power spikes when you wait to buy items (before buyback a neccesity)
when you dealy spikes, enemies may spike again when you COULD have gone before their increase.

If you are rotating lanes, don't rotate from lane to lane, rotate from camp to camp. UNLESS you are trying to attend a specifc fight where time is of the essence. <-- This is usually where you want to TP in, so you know exactly how long until you will be in the fight.

20:25- Too agressive to walk deeper after killing skywrath; Skywrath is easy quick kill, can get in and out on him easily. When you go deeper, the enemies who will typically TP in mid will have a better chance of actually killing you. If you disengage earlier and they cannot kill you, you lower the value of their decision to TP in ((like missing lvl 6 spike this game)).
When you make decisions that make the enemies decisions lower in value, you are gaining value.

After you kill sky, you can just walk back into your jungle and hit some creeps.
If your team really wants to fight, you dont have to FULLY disengage, but you can walk back up to your hill, where YOUR TEAM has the terrain advantage.

21: Losing mid tower for that play loses you a lot of ability to play the map.

When you TP back in and hit lvl 12, you know you are strong, and you use this spike to kill DB :)

I like the boots of bearing rush, enemies have quite a few slows and things you can RUN away from, not a lot of hard CC.

You are a very strong, hard to kill unless enemies have 5 hero. Farming your triangle is a safe place better suited for a hero with less ability to escape. You are comfortable to farm the top lane/wave and the surrounding camps, within reason depending on info on enemy whereabouts. Shard enables this risky farming

23:35- If an enemy support walks up a hill like this, they are typically warding. Drop a sentry or communicate to your support to drop a sentry.

24:40- Enemy jugg ult keeps bouncing to your birds while they are invul. With some care and luck, you can use birds to defuse his ult.

25- When your W has full charges, let it fly. Low cooldown.
Viper is dead, farm your way back through their jungle, into pushing top tower.

27- Lane gives 300 xp, while creep camp gives 200. If you use your Q on jungle, and walk hero to lane while birds kill camp, you gain more value

GJ Pressuring tower with birds while enemies showed bot

Take top tower, take outpost, posture to take roshan. IF you have armor reduction, rosh is easier.

29:30- Good job immediately using your aghs to hunt for a kill. Even if you dont find and kill someone, if you arent farming, moving around invis hunting is better than not using it. It has very low downtime, even without the arcane rune.

31:25- Pefect WW ult to get you out after your shard heal. SO GOOD

32:40- good move to cut wave when you hunting and dont find hero. Need a TP to help fight after

35: Instead of putting hero in trees while microing birds on wave, you can see heroes mid, so you should be in jungle clearing those camps(OR pushing more lane with your hero)3, watching mid to see if you need to tp to help. 
If you continue pushing the wave top, 2 things happen: 1) The enemies SEE you on the map top, and consider leaving to go stop you, 2) The enemies may try to force a fight on your team because they see you top, not able to help fight mid.<--- This happens more when you are not carrying tp, as enemies can see that. If you have tp, you still have threat to join fight within 3 seconds near buildings.

35:45- When you use the drop button on your hero hotbar instead of selecting the familar and dropping them, you break your invis and free pathing from your Aghs. Because of this, you are forced to wait in trees not doing anything for 45 seconds. With free pathing you couldve made it to jung to farm, and with a TP you could have simply left to the unfarmed other side of the map.

I like the concept of playing around the top side of the map, pushing wave in and forcing enemies to respond to top tower otherwise you wil ltake it. Aghs allows you to out juke them in tree area top, so the chance of you dying if you never extend your HERO up their highground is LOW.

36:30- Consider connecting with your team fighting bottom, OR use this time the enemies are showing bottom and are too busy to tp, to pressure top tower, probably able to kill zeus who is solo defending.
If you force enemy tp to help zeus, your team can win their fight bottom easier.

36:45- When you run bottom to help instead of pushing top, you may be able to turn the fight for your team, but it will always take you a while to show up (30 seconds to become part of the fight)
When you arrive at the fight from behind, its difficult for your team to connect and help, because they have to go very deep to play with you. 
Pressuring top tower here for the last 30 seconds instead of going to the fight would've forced their fortify, or gotten you their t3 tower. 

Using birds while you are dead is awesome 

40:00- This fight mid is a better fight to connect on; when you arrive you will be closer to your team, arriving more on the side of the enemies rather than behind.
Alternatively, as you see the fight trending worse and worse , you can decide to just start taking nearby camps OR returning to the top lane to push. Once your teammates are dead, you probably dont want to show on top tower, becuase enemies have nothing better to do than to tp to you. 
Sometimes forcing tps back from enemies is good to stop a push, but you want to ensure you can get away alive.

40:40- Trickster cloak active!!! Good job sticking on zeus, he is one of the heroes you can control this match

41:00- You have 7000 gold. 
AC is good for the armor reduction ideas i said above, and armor is good this game vs jugg db and sort of viper. Solid item pick up

42:50- When you go bottom to farm, you force your spectre to play more on enemy side of map. If you TP top instead, the spec can farm bottom jungle safely, while you take farm that is theoretically more dangerous. This does make it difficult to show up to the next fight, but you can always TP top and farm towards the middle lane to set up to be more available.

44:30- After killing viper, either pressure bottom and mid tower, OR take roshan. Roshan much higher value, allows you to easily go high ground after next fight.

45:30- Your spectre should be the hero walking further away to farm mid, becuase they can reenage with ult/aghs. The triangle during this time is more dangerous farm than the middle lane, therefore you should be taking it.

46: No birds alive, you are much weaker than average. Be aware of this, the enemies will usually notice.

47:45- I love disengaging from the dawn to chase the sky/zeus. This is what you want to do most fights. Once you kill the zeus, dont back off, keep going and killing the sky too. Afer that, the enemies will probably be too weak to engage your team 5v3
If you do not want to continue going on the sky, then disengage TOWARDS your team, to help them with whatever heroes they are fighting, instead of disengaging right and ending up stuck.

^ Forcing this fight was not only bad because you lost it, but the enemies were able to secure roshan from it. Without losing 5 man there, the enemies had no good way to contest your roshan.

50:45- You use your shard too early and it leaves you in a bad position. when it ends. You should NOT have sold boots of bearing, as the active charge plus your aghs gives you hasted move speed that cannot be slowed. If you had these 2 up when you come out of shard, you can quickly disengage. 

Varely rarely do you want to sell expensive items

51:00- This buyback is not optimal because the enemies have nothing to do during this time. If they walk up to your hg to push, you can buyback to defend. There is no roshan to defend, and you have no way of attending the fight regardless of your buyback.
In general, after losing this fight at top river, you can see your team is behind, so the next fight you try to take should be on your highground. ^^^Buying back here shows you want to leave the base and fight, which is an easy way to lose another fight.

52: If you lead with your Q, you can easily get the birds on top after.




